update rpk generate grafana dashboards usage for 23.2 (#1525)
redpanda-data/documentation: versioned_docs/version-23.2/reference/rpk/rpk-generate/rpk-generate-grafana-dashboard.mdx

<head>
  <meta name="title" content="rpk generate grafana-dashboard | Redpanda Docs" />
  <meta name="description" content="rpk generate grafana-dashboard" />
  <link rel="canonical" href="https://docs.redpanda.com/docs/reference/rpk/rpk-generate/rpk-generate-grafana-dashboard/" />
</head>

> Generate Grafana Dashboards for Redpanda Metrics

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Generate Grafana dashboards for Redpanda metrics.
```

Use this command to generate sample Grafana dashboards for Redpanda metrics. 
These dashboards can be imported into a Grafana or Grafana Cloud instance.

> To select a specific dashboard, use the '--dashboard' flag followed by the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To select a specific dashboard, use the `--dashboard` flag followed by the 
```

dashboard name. For example, to generate the operations dashboard, run:

```
rpk generate grafana-dashboard --dashboard operations
```

> The selected dashboard will be downloaded from our GitHub repository:
> 
> https://github.com/redpanda-data/observability

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The selected dashboard will be downloaded from Redpanda Data's [observability GitHub repository](https://github.com/redpanda-data/observability).
```

> Note that the legacy dashboard is still available as an option, and will not be 
> downloaded from github. Instead, the dashboard will be generated based on the 
> metrics endpoint used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::note
The legacy dashboard is still available as an option (`legacy`), but it isn't downloaded from GitHub. Instead, the generated dashboard is based on which metrics endpoint is used (`--metrics-endpoint`).
:::
```

> ### Available Dashboards

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Available dashboards
```

You can select one of the following dashboard types:

<table>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td>

>         <strong> Name</strong>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        <strong>Name</strong>
```

      </td>
      <td>

>         <strong> Description</strong>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        <strong>Description</strong>
```

      </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>--dashboard</td>
      <td>string</td>
      <td>

>         The name of the dashboard you wish to download; use --dashboard help for more info (default "operations")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        The name of the dashboard you wish to download. Use --dashboard help for more info (default "operations")
```
